High we'll come back and there's video we're looking at the stack assignment which is going to be fairly
similar to the Q assignment only We're going to be implementing a stack in stand now.
We've learned a stack is and we know it's really similar to Q Except instead of adding and removing
from opposite ends the stack adds and removes from the same end.
I can be the start.
Or it can be the end in this assignment we're going to be implementing four methods one method inside
the linked list which is remove start from list and it's going to add sorry and remove the first node
of the linked list and I'm not sure why there's an out there now but nevertheless.
And that three methods from the stack which are going to be push pop and boolean which are the standardized
names for these actions.
The only complicated method here is the remove start from list and it's not really that difficult either
.
So let's have a look at some pseudocode.
Ramba the removed start from list is going to remove the root.
And that's going to be happening by making it points to its own next node.
But you have to remember to return the removed node as well.
So here we're going to do if the root does not have a value already.
That means it is none.
We're going to raise an error because the list is empty.
The root is none.
If not then we can set a new variable called removed node and make it equal to the root and then make
sure that the root of this list is equal to the roots.
Next node that skips its own root and makes it equal to the next node.
And finally we return the remove node which is the one we stored earlier.
The stack methods we just call the linked list methods.
So there's really nothing new there except renaming them essentially.
And finally you can get started by just downloading the zip file and doing as usual.
So just go ahead download that and open it up and we will be ready to begin.
Let's look at the code that is in there.
Just quickly so you can have a bit more of an idea as to what I'd expect you to do.
I've opened the VI assignment here in pide charm and you will see something like this.
That for files linked list that we know and love the link stack.
Which is going to be the stack a node on the tests.
Let's look at the node first.
Just so you know what you're dealing with.
And in this case the node only has a piece of text that can be any text just names phone numbers or
anything like that.
And it also has the underscore underscore next which is the next node.
As you know and there's the set next and get next and also some print detail methods and that's it really
.
There's not much new insight to know so let's go right into the linked list.
The linked list has the things that we already know the root which is initialized to none in the unit
method and they get Taruta method which we don't have.
We've used before but nevertheless is there so we can retrieve the root if we need to.
And then we have the ABS start to list which you can reuse the method from the last assignment.
I would encourage you to not copy and paste it but write it again.
But you can do whatever you choose.
The remove start from list would is going to remove it from the beginning and what that is going to
do is if the root is none.
We're going to raise an error because the list is empty.
Then we're going to create a variable which stores the route we're going to set.
Self don't root to be equal to the roots.
Next note.
And finally we're going to return the variable we created previously and then the find method which
you can reuse.
The one we implemented before and the size method which you can also reuse again.
Do write those again as opposed to copying and pasting.
Finally we've also got the linked stack which is just a stack a wrapper around the linked list.
This is an object which has a property linked list which is a linked list and that it has a few methods
push pull on the lane which are going to be pretty much identical to the last assignment.
Remembering to call the appropriate methods at to start and remove from start and the Len should just
call the size.
Funnily as usual.
Once you are ready just right click the tests file and run the unit tests and you should see 9 tests
all passed.
If you don't that means something went wrong somewhere and you can have a look at the code again.
Have a look at the test.
If you want although it's not written for you it's written just for your verification.
Or ask a question in the course Q and A.
As I'm always there to respond to anything and that's it really.
Give it a go.
In the very next answer lecture which has the text contents of the assignment and downloadable files
and once you are ready and once you feel like you've implemented this correctly please go on to the
following video which will cover the implementation.
That's it for this video.
So good luck and see you in the next one.